hello all good I'm accompanied is
super easy and super simple for
curl the hair with sponges that are
very easy to get, I hope that you
like we started with wet hair
there it is freshly washed
we comb it very very well so that it does not
there is no type of entanglement
I'm going to use a fixative gel but very
very soft to leave hair objects a
little wet
and not apply it as a little
I'm going to use sponges that in this
occasion one that found in wing coins
that are super cheap and we are doing
sections I for this I split my hair
in and I'm taking it from below to
above
I will not take the perfect sections
since I do not want a result
perfect as the appointment and we open it by
the center so you can see how it's done
it is caught and gets the tip of the hair
the center of the chosen one and we're going to give it
back we can help so much bone entangle
both inward and outward
so it looks more natural and nothing
it's just that going up going up
going up and when we get to the end
when we think convenient we close
and we continue
and
ah
we take the last lock of hair and this
I always recommend doing it back
so that when he does when he leaves
the curl does not bother us so much towards
face but on the contrary back to me
I always like to do this but
you can do it however you want
I would be on the side already finished so
I will continue with the next
Well, here are all of them already
said a porcelain doll and
wait
when it has dried everything very well
it has to be super dry it can not
not even a little bit of humidity because
if we do not load all the shadows
we started to open the loop you have to have
be very careful because the sponges
they absorb water and moisture so
ensures very very well that everything is
dry
when I opened the feeling that
They are wet since I put a gel
that seems to be wet but in
reality it was all very dry now what
you are going to see
you have to be very careful with the
tangles because it's easy to get tangled up in
the hair curler
beatus the hair down so that the
day explains better
and so to their environments when we get
the soft waves
very easy hairstyle that if you want you can
leave today or the night before
and nothing more
and I hope you liked it
give debit up if so share
this video have sold out and we do not see in
a next half a big kiss and see you later